README.md, before:

# Install
Run the following line in your shell:

    git clone git@github.com:davelens/dotfiles.git ~/.dotfiles && cd ~/.dotfiles && ./install.sh *

# Uninstall
If you're sick of my dotfiles, you can copy-paste the following in your shell:

	cd ~/.dotfiles && ./uninstall.sh

# Things you should change
- Your personal info in .dotfiles/gitconfig
- If you use irssi (or plan to): Your desired servers, channels, highlights and aliases in .dotfiles/irssi/config
- The take_screenshot command in .dotfiles/bash/osx uploads a screenshot to my webspace and puts the link in my clipboard. If you want to use this as well, just replace my SSH-host with your own.

# Mac OS X defaults
I use an abundant number of OSX setting overrides. These are subjective, so some might seem odd, strange or unwanted for you. That is why it requires a separate install instruction. A big credit here should be given to [@mathiasbynens](http://github.com/mathiasbynens) his collection of OSX defaults. If you want to give it a go, just copy-paste the line below in your shell:

	source ~/.dotfiles/osx/defaults-overrides

You can use the provided reset to restore to OSX default settings. Note that this also overrides any custom settings you defined yourself, so use with caution!

	source ~/.dotfiles/osx/defaults-reset

# Vim plugins
Remember to call ```:VundleInstall``` in Vim to install all included plugins.

## vim-airline
In order to display the fancy powerline symbols, you should locate and install the following font:
```bash
fonts/InputMono-Regular.ttf
```

If you don't wish to make use of the fancy powerline icons, uncomment the following line in the vimrc file:
```vimscript
let g:airline_powerline_fonts = 1
```

## YouCompleteMe
YouCompleteMe (YCM) is a Vim plugin that requires a pre-compiled component. [See their installation instructions](https://github.com/Valloric/YouCompleteMe#installation) to get this sorted.

### Mac OS X Yosemite
If you're on Yosemite the chances are that the YCM component failed to compile. I got this fixed with [a helpful SO answer](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/29529455/missing-c-header-debug-after-updating-osx-command-line-tools-6-3#answer-29576048).

Commit message:

update README.md with vim-holylight info

README.md, after:

# Install
Run the following line in your shell:

    git clone git@github.com:davelens/dotfiles.git ~/.dotfiles && cd ~/.dotfiles && ./install.sh *

# Uninstall
If you're sick of my dotfiles, you can copy-paste the following in your shell:

	cd ~/.dotfiles && ./uninstall.sh

# Things you should change
- Your personal info in .dotfiles/gitconfig
- If you use irssi (or plan to): Your desired servers, channels, highlights and aliases in .dotfiles/irssi/config
- The take_screenshot command in .dotfiles/bash/osx uploads a screenshot to my webspace and puts the link in my clipboard. If you want to use this as well, just replace my SSH-host with your own.

# Mac OS X defaults
I use an abundant number of OSX setting overrides. These are subjective, so some might seem odd, strange or unwanted for you. That is why it requires a separate install instruction. A big credit here should be given to [@mathiasbynens](http://github.com/mathiasbynens) his collection of OSX defaults. If you want to give it a go, just copy-paste the line below in your shell:

	source ~/.dotfiles/osx/defaults-overrides

You can use the provided reset to restore to OSX default settings. Note that this also overrides any custom settings you defined yourself, so use with caution!

	source ~/.dotfiles/osx/defaults-reset

# Vim plugins
Remember to call ```:VundleInstall``` in Vim to install all included plugins.

## vim-airline
In order to display the fancy powerline symbols, you should locate and install the following font:
```bash
fonts/InputMono-Regular.ttf
```

If you don't wish to make use of the fancy powerline icons, uncomment the following line in the vimrc file:
```vimscript
let g:airline_powerline_fonts = 1
```

## vim-holylight
If you want to let your Vim always open in light or dark mode, put the following in your .vimrc:
```vimscript
" Light
let g:holylight_threshold=0

" Dark
let g:holylight_threshold=5000000
```

## YouCompleteMe
YouCompleteMe (YCM) is a Vim plugin that requires a pre-compiled component. [See their installation instructions](https://github.com/Valloric/YouCompleteMe#installation) to get this sorted.

### Mac OS X Yosemite
If you're on Yosemite the chances are that the YCM component failed to compile. I got this fixed with [a helpful SO answer](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/29529455/missing-c-header-debug-after-updating-osx-command-line-tools-6-3#answer-29576048).
